Create _includes file for Canvas entry properties and event properties (#9608)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/canvas_entry_properties_event_properties.md

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3 role="presentation" }

{% details Original Canvas editor details %}

You can no longer create or duplicate Canvases using the original editor. This article is available for reference when using Canvas entry properties and event properties for the previous Canvas workflow.

**Canvas entry properties:**
- Must have persistent entry properties turned on. 
- Can only reference `canvas_entry_properties` in the first full step of a Canvas. The Canvas must be action-based or API triggered.

**Entry properties:**
- Can reference `event_properties` in any full step that uses action-based delivery in a Canvas.

> - Cannot be used in scheduled full steps other than the first full step of an action-based Canvas. However, if a user is using a [Canvas component][2], the behavior follows the Canvas Flow rules for `event_properties`.

Reviewer: "[2]" doesn't work. I think you need to use the link itself in the details tab

```suggestion
- Cannot be used in scheduled full steps other than the first full step of an action-based Canvas. However, if a user is using a [Canvas component]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/), the behavior follows the Canvas Flow rules for `event_properties`.
```
